INTRODUCTION:
In go_Korona_Go_Game, the aim is to guide the character i.e, man to reach the
medication objects thus preventing the attack of corona virus.There are corona
viruses placed at random screen positions and the character must avoid
collision with these virus particles to avoid termination of the game. Mask acts
as a second life in the game and hence the game does not terminate if the
character has collected a mask and then collides with virus. One dose of
Vaccine might give partial protection but as game continues character has to
take preventive measures without fail to protect from the virus and continue
the game to collect the second dose of vaccine and reach the maximum score
point.As there are two backgrounds the character will be able to move freely in
both the backgrounds.In the welcome window, we have home page and links
to instructions page, game window screen. We have provided user interaction
through the keyboard. On clicking ‘SpaceBar’ in home window screen, the
player is directed to the Instruction page, which contains the instructions to
play the game using arrow keys. On the termination of the game, the user will
be directed to the Game Over page. Here the score will be displayed. The score
is calculated based on the boosters collected during the game and tackling the
corona virus. On encountering boosters, character’s overall health will be
increased, which is indicated with a slight increase in the score. In the Game
Over page, the user can click the spacebar to start a new game.
CONCLUSION:
Playing the game will bring awareness among the people regarding the danger
caused by COVID-19. It will showcase the safety measures that could be
adopted to reduce the risk of infection caused by virus. The designing and
implementation of the project has enabled us to gain a better understanding of
various computer graphics concepts and the various functions available to
create animations. It provides a base for developing advanced projects that has
a core demand in the Graphics and Animation Industry.